Approach to the Phonebook CLI Project
1. Understanding the Core Concepts

Before implementing the project, ensure you understand:

    Arrays: Fixed-size collections of elements.
    Slices: Dynamic, resizable collections based on arrays.
    Maps: Key-value data structures, ideal for a phonebook.
    for range loops: Used for iterating over slices, arrays, and maps.

2. Defining the Project Scope

The Phonebook CLI will: ✅ Store names and phone numbers.
✅ Allow users to add, delete, and search for contacts.
✅ Display all contacts in the phonebook.
3. Designing the Data Structure

    Use a map[string]string], where:
        The key is the name.
        The value is the phone number.

Example:

{
    "Alice": "123-456-7890",
    "Bob": "987-654-3210"
}

    This allows fast lookups when searching for a contact.

4. CLI Interaction Flow

    Display a menu with options:
        Add a new contact
        Search for a contact
        Delete a contact
        View all contacts
        Exit

    Handle User Input:
        Read user input from the command line.
        Validate input to prevent errors (e.g., check if a number is in the correct format).

    Perform Actions:
        Add Contact → Check if the name already exists, then store it.
        Search Contact → Look up the name in the map.
        Delete Contact → Remove the entry from the map.
        List All Contacts → Iterate over the map and display each contact.

    Loop Until Exit:
        The CLI should keep running until the user selects "Exit".

5. Edge Cases & Enhancements

    Handle case insensitivity (e.g., "Alice" and "alice" should be treated the same).
    Prevent adding duplicate contacts.
    Allow searching by partial names (e.g., searching "Al" should find "Alice").
    Format phone numbers properly (e.g., (123) 456-7890 instead of 1234567890).
    Optionally, store contacts in a file for persistence.

6. Testing

    Add multiple contacts and verify they are stored correctly.
    Search for existing and non-existing contacts.
    Try deleting contacts and confirm they are removed.
    Test different input formats to ensure robustness.

7. Future Enhancements

    Export phonebook as a CSV file.
    Implement a GUI version.
    Support multiple phone numbers per contact.